Snippet
beena part to do. the airline industry has not been a part of this move to reduce carbon and teal last year. -- and teal. they agreed on a deal to curb greenhouse gases sol
it's beaten it by about 0.1, 0.12 degrees celsius. which doesn't seem like a lot, but in terms of the yearly variations, it is actually huge. part of this rise was caused by an el nino event, a warm ocean current that disrupts the world's weather. but scientists say greenhouse gases
contact more than expected, how. your co nta ct le ns more than expected, how. your contact lens has come out of your eye, good catch!. what does i do in terms of policy, already there is a pushback on global warming. interesting to see this against the backdrop of president trump coming into the oval office, saying things like climate change is something
where every time a marketplace is closed down, another appears to replace it? inafew in a few minutes we are going to be talking about global warming. it is
applause climate change, a controversial issue which has seen him at odds with the incoming president, was next on the speech agenda. take the challenge climate change.
with mr trump's thinking. he's a former attorney general. he's an interesting pic, given that he is actually a climate change the nye. many people -- climate change            _
the problems we are facing today in europe? climate change?
agreement, a global deal that came into force last year. but with carbon dioxide at record levels, scientists say this is a temperature threshold we are on course to surpass. to tackle global warming,
patrol on the far side. meanwhile, in italy, there are christmas card scenes a little after the event. only a few years ago, such images were commonplace in january across europe, but after five years of global warming,
set by the paris climate agreement, a global deal that came into force last year. but with carbon dioxide at record levels, scientists say this is a temperature threshold we are on course to surpass. to tackle global warming,
sheu shelf could flow faster and contribute more to sea-level rise over the next few decades. the new icebergs will be one of the biggest recorded, around 50 times the size of manhattan island. but despite the concerns of global warming,
barack obama. i did, i reminded him, donald trump when a message back, to learn more about climate change and
and big business. the brazilian government is defending plans to build dozens of hydroelectric dams, which they say are vital to meet the country's energy needs. but environmentalists say the plans are a disaster for the amazon and will result in more deforestation and global warming.
brazil's government is defending its plan to build dozens of huge hydro-electric dams. it argues the project will boost the economy and provide clean energy. environmentalists say the plan is a disaster for the amazon and will actually result in more deforestation and global warming.
and immigration policy, suggesting prince charles and donald trump could go head-to-head in a row over climate change. the president will not take a lecture from the prince, it said, but of course prince charles is very active and vocal in the field of climate change.
mps queued to offer issues where she could take on the new president. he must abide by and not withdraw from the paris climate change treaty.
in payments to the united nations climate change programmes. and in 2017, all eyes will be on donald trump and global warming. he once tweeted that climate change was 'a hoax', and during the election, he said he'd pull out
brazil's government is defending its plan to build dozens of huge hydro-electric dams in the amazon. it argues the project will boost the economy, harness the country's natural resources and provide clean energy. environmentalists say the plan is a disaster for the amazon and will actually result in more deforestation and global warming.
an estimated 12 million people. so fingers crossed for clear skies. we're gonna cancel billions in payments to the united nations climate change programmes. and in 2017, all eyes will be on donald trump and global warming. he once tweeted that climate change was 'a hoax',
the children's commissioner for england, anne longfield, has warned that children and often their parents have no idea what they are signing up to on social media sites and pupils as young as four should be taught about internet safety in school. fresh doubt has been thrown on the theory that there has been a slowdown in global warming
will send in the feds of chicago does not end gun violence. and this bison is part of an internal protest by the national park service. part of its message on climate change.
while all of this most acutely affects our primate relatives, destroying their habitat is something scientists say we just cannot afford to do. these forests provide essential services for people. they help mitigate climate change
uncertainty over donald trump 's plans for climate change and other patient had been alarmed that he wa nts to wants to kill president obama 's plan to kill greenhouse gas emissions in the usa. let us now find out from our environment
has met those concerns, but it is something that was put to him.|j just wanted to play another clip of mr taylor said. mr tillerson was also asked about exxon mobil's policies on climate change. iam not
between the two of you, you don't worry about 15 other countries. you can renegotiate and make things work. that's the direction he's taking, not isolationism. right. one big issue, paris agreement, climate change, which has,
is also now highlighting mr trump's new six-issue agenda. energy, foreign policy, jobs and growth, military, law enforcement and trade deals. some observers point out that it makes no mention of civil rights, health care or climate change.
campaigns against rules protecting air and water. his energy secretary was on the board of an oil pipeline firm. his secretary of state is an oilman from a firm accused of hiding proof of climate change,
we're gonna cancel billions in payments to the united nations climate change programmes. and in 2017, all eyes will be on donald trump and global warming. he once tweeted that climate change was 'a hoax', and during the election, he said he'd pull out of the paris climate deal.
cuba had brought the world to the edge of nuclear war, now diplomatic relations are restored, an extraordinary transformation. he leaves office largely admired and popular around the world, not least for his role in the global climate change deal.
it took decades to get there. now we have a president who is just treating it like it's children's home work that he can tear up and throw away. as a generation who is moving into a climate change world,
phenomenon, it is not global warming oi' or climate change? we can't say that, no. it is certain lay grand event -- certainly a grand event and in the context of other changes, the
of manhattan island. but despite the concerns of global warming, researchers said they have no evidence that climate change is playing any significant role in the new iceberg's formation. dr mark brandon is a reader
otherwise he will take you to the cleaners. appealing to his better nature is going to come i think it is the futile attempt. you think he will not listen. there are the things people have said that she must tell him about climate change,
she left for philadelphia, politicians of all stripes were queuing up to offer her advice, but she has to walk a tightrope. if she'd listened to the majority of them she would have a list of grievances in her briefcase, everything from human rights to climate change to misogyny.
administration and takes a tough line on china. we will bring you more on that as we get it. all this week, bbc news is focusing on what the big global stories might be in 2017. today, we look at science. what will donald trump's presidency mean for the battle against climate change?
in changing policies, signing an executive order which targets obamacare, much of which he says he wishes to abolish. the revamped white house website is also now highlighting mr trump's new six-issue agenda. energy, foreign policy, jobs and growth, military, law enforcement and trade deals. some observers point out that it makes no mention of civil rights, health care or climate change.
responsibility and a half not just of this country but the whole international community, in the tone that she sets? can i ask her to reassure us that she sets? can i ask her to reassure us that she will say to the president that he must abide by and not withdraw from the paris by mid change treaty -- climate change            _
creator of greenhouse gases. 540 million you rolled. apparently. it was an earth in an excavation in china. they are figuring out where
it's not about the future, or in other words it's about the here and now, predicting our concerns, in a way. so with wells and war of the worlds he was reflecting late victorian angst about imperialism and colonialism and the damage it can do to the colonial conscience, for one thing. now i think we could look at it as a metaphor for climate change.
average global temperatures edged ahead of 2015, and are now 1.1 degrees higher than pre-industrial levels. in fact, it is the third consecutive year that the record has been broken, nasa say. scientists believe that the el nino weather phenomenon played a role, but increasing levels of greenhouse
for the world's countries, a plan to cut greenhouse gases became international law. the groundwork was laid at a climate summit in paris last year.
away. this is a geographical event and is not thought to be anything to do with global warming. there is certainly no evidence to say that climate change has made any difference to this. it is something that has been going on for many decades. it is come to the surface now, we're not sure why. others
a warm ocean current that disrupts the world's weather. but scientists say greenhouse gases were the main driver. this shows how global temperatures have increased since the industrial revolution.
out of the way of the rising seas. with its reliance on fossil fuels like coal, the united states is the second biggest emitter of greenhouse gases. its participation in the global
but scientists say greenhouse gases were the main driver. this shows how global temperatures have increased since the industrial revolution. the bigger the circle, the hotter the year. and the latest data,
it says it hopes a switch to bio-fuels will reduce the amount of greenhouse gases it generates by up to eighty % on some of its longer flights. and the philippines inquirer
el nino weather phenomenon played a role, but that increasing levels of greenhouse gases were the main factor. rebecca morelle has more. our planet is warming, fast, and the latest data suggests that
levels of greenhouse gases are mostly to blame. our science correspondent rebecca morelle has more. our planet is warming, fast, and the latest data suggests that 2016 was a record-breaking year.
having to move entire communities out of the way of the rising seas. with its reliance on fossil fuels like coal, the united states is the second biggest emitter of greenhouse gases. its participation in the global
it also entails classical propaganda, disinformation, fake news. news. in recent years, many scientists have been saying that there has been a slowdown in global
this year, our planet united, at least for a while. for the world's countries, a plan to cut greenhouse gases became international law. the groundwork was laid at a climate summit in paris last year. after years of negotiations, an historic global agreement
part of this rise was caused by an el nino event, a warm ocean current that disrupts the world's weather. but scientists say greenhouse gases were the main driver. this shows how global temperatures have increased since the industrial revolution.
but in terms of the yearly variations, it is actually huge. part of this rise was caused by an el nino event, a warm ocean current that disrupts the world's weather. but scientists say greenhouse gases were the main driver.
but in terms of the yearly variations, it is actually huge. part of this rise was caused by an el nino event, a warm-ocean current that disrupts the world's weather. but scientists say greenhouse gases were the main driver.
than pre-industrial levels. in fact, it is the third consecutive year that the record has been broken - nasa say. scientists believe that the el nino weather phenomenon played a role - but increasing levels of greenhouse gases were the main factor in driving up temperatures.
weather phenomenon played a role but increasing levels of greenhouse gases were the main factor in driving up temperatures, as our science correspondent rebecca morelle explains. our planet is warming, fast, and the latest data suggests that 2016 was a record-breaking year.
but in terms of the yearly variations, it is actually huge. part of this rise was caused by an el nino event, a warm ocean current that disrupts the world's weather. but scientists say greenhouse gases were the main driver. this shows how global temperatures have increased
year that the record has been broken. scientists believe that the el nino weather phenomenon played a role, but increasing levels of greenhouse gases were the main factor in driving up temperatures. our science correspondent rebecca morelle has more. our planet is warming, fast,
a big chungy steak, that category makes up 14% of the population. what's the point? well, it is better for your health and better for the environment, extensive rearing of cattle and the methane they produce and greenhouse gases. that's why i decided to do it. you don't have to
teal. they agreed on a deal to curb greenhouse gases so i think we will see more of these by the industry is already moving in that direction with the new dreamliner using massively less fuel, much lighter, much quieter. the industry is moving in that direction but it is a huge
over a century ago. average global temperatures edged ahead of 2015 and are now 1.1 degrees higher than pre-industrial levels. it's the third consecutive year that the record has been broken, according to nasa. scientists believe that the el nino weather phenomenon played a role but increasing levels of greenhouse gases were the main factor
of greenhouse gases it generates by up to 80% on some of its longer flights. and the philippines inquirer leads on the miss universe beauty pageant. the title was taken by france's iris mittenaire, but the reason for her spot on page one is perhaps because the woman handing her the crown is last year's champion,
and provide clean energy. environmentalists say the plan is a disaster for the amazon and will actually result in more deforestation and global warming. now it's time for hardtalk.
child anywhere would feel less because of statements made by those in power makes me heartsick. what is your strongest message today? women's rights. continuing reproductive rights. and climate
one hand the biggest contributor to greenhouse gas emissions and also at the same time the biggest contributor on the planet to the solution. i mean, it is building this huge windfarms, solar on and on
to greenhouse gas emissions, and they simply pledge to do their best, but they set their standards for themselves. it's not being imposed on them. so it is fully consistent with american sovereignty. i'm hoping that the trump administration comes
president obama's plan to cut greenhouse gas emissions in the usa. our environment analyst roger harrabin assesses what he may do, and how others are already moving to block him. ice is melting, world temperatures have hit a new records,
times to get gun control through and didn't. climate change, as well. first president who pushed climate change legislation through congress. ended up with a watered down legacy on climate control. away from the legislative
as president, barack obama calls on donald trump's administration to lead by example, to prevent big countries from 'bullying' smaller ones. scientists declare that 2016 was the warmest year on record, and man made climate
because that is the basis of our prosperity, but also the best way to cement the multilateral partnerships and cooperation that help to build a better world. for the challenges we face, like terrorism, climate
quite puzzling, as it prince charles, somehow his advocacy on climate change is somehow problematic and is going to disrupt this visit. let's face it, climate change is the threat to the future of organised life on planet earth
another man and woman were treated in hospitalfor smoke inhalation following the blaze in milngavie. police say the fire was 'targeted and wilful'. america's former environment chief says she is concerned about the future of climate
administration obviously signed up to the paris climate change agreement, and we have now done that. we would hope that all parties would continue to ensure that that climate change agreement is put into practice. order. ed miliband asking last question at
energy. the 0bama administration obviously signed up to the paris climate change agreement, we have now done that. i would hope all parties would continue to ensure that that climate change agreement is put into practice. gibraltar's chief minister has been
affordable healthca re plan. mr trump signed his first executive order forcing government offices to minimise the cost of the reforms until they can be overturned. the white house also signalled his intention to remove what he called 'harmful and unnecessary' climate
is that it indicates a shift, a massive shift in the united states's role in the world as it has been described for decades. the idea that the united states could step away from its commitment to leading globally on things like climate
is a model of an international agreement, where countries retain the ability to decide for themselves what it is they want to do or don't want to do when it comes to greenhouse gas emissions, and they simply pledge to do their best, but they set their standards for themselves.
we're not having rows, but matt and iare we're not having rows, but matt and i are agreed on many issues, like women's rights, climate change, and ifind women's rights, climate change, and i find that terrifying. i hope that theresa may is strong in her
firm. his secretary of state is an oilman from a firm accused of hiding proof of climate change, now striking a more careful tone. the risk of climate change does exist and the consequences of it could be serious enough that action should be
and provide clean energy. environmentalists say the plan is a disaster for the amazon and will actually result in more deforestation and global warming. now it's time for
propaganda, disinformation, fake news. in recent years, many scientists have been saying that there has been a slowdown in global warming. new data suggests that is full. -- false.       _
injust eight take the challenge climate change. in just eight years, with halved take the challenge climate change. injust eight years, with halved our dependence on foreign oil, doubled our renewable energy and lead the world to an agreement that has a promise to save this planet. but
this issue of climate change and i hope he recognises the commitment this government has shown to this issue of climate change with the legislation we've put through and the changes that we have brought about in terms of the energy sector and uses of different forms of
charles is somehow causing a problem to what otherwise would be a wonderful visit. i don't think that is the tone at all. i think it lays out an argument very clearly. the straightforward reporting here, there is one paragraph that says trump has repeatedly branded climate
only a few years ago, such images were commonplace in january across europe, but after five years of global warming, many people had forgotten how hard a real winter can be.
but with carbon dioxide at record levels, scientists say this is a temperature threshold we are on course to surpass. to tackle global warming, the world is being urged to move
into force last year. but with carbon dioxide at record levels, scientists say this is a temperature threshold we are on course to surpass. to tackle global warming, the world is being urged
and will actually result in more deforestation and global warming. wyre davies has visited the first of the mega-dams, called belo monte, and reports on the potential impact. from the heart of the planet's
technology and car sharing apps. and that will also mean more electric cars. global warming and pollution are just two of the reasons many of the established players are focusing their investments in this area.
technology and car-sharing apps. and that will also mean more electric cars. global warming and pollution are just two of the reasons many of the established players are focusing their investments in this area.
she responded on twitter too urging the future president to be a bit more careful in future and put in a word for global warming while she was at it. nick miller has the forecast.
is a temperature threshold we are on course to surpass. to tackle global warming, the world is being urged to move away from fossil fuels, like coal. but in the us, donald trump has said
london. standing imperiously in the oval office, it's all in place - the suit, the tan and of course that flowing hairstyle. grab that selfie now. the threat of global warming is getting ever more real.
police say the fire was 'targeted and wilful'. america's former environment chief says she is concerned about the future of climate change with donald trump in the white house. christine todd whitman was the boss of the environment protection agency when george bush was president. she says president-elect trump is ignoring the science on climate change and is failing to take
oneself in a dark room. while wind and rain may be kept outside, so are light and lightand air. light and air. no one emerges as a winner ina light and air. no one emerges as a winner in a trade war. he also said that countries should redouble their commitment to the paris climate
does the united states actually pull out of paris? i hope we don't pull out of paris, indeed the paris agreement is a model of an international agreement, where countries retain the ability to decide for themselves what it is they want to do or don't want to do when it comes to greenhouse gas emissions, and they simply pledge
but after five years of global warming, many people had forgotten how hard a real winter can be. nick thorpe, bbc news to explain what's caused this icy blast, and for a look at the forecast,
it argues the project will boost the economy and provide clean energy. environmentalists say the plan is a disaster for the amazon and will actually result in more deforestation and global warming. now it's time for hardtalk.
and during his campaign, he said this is what he would do. we're going to cancel the paris climate agreement and stop all payments of the united states tax dollars to un global warming programmes. island nations affected
a global deal that came into force last year. but with carbon dioxide at record levels, scientists say this is a temperature threshold we are on course to surpass. to tackle global warming, the world is being urged
often stated that the speed of global warming has been slowing but new data suggests it isn't. we will get into that. the uk service sector grew at its fastest pace for 17 months in december,
of huge hydro-electric dams. it argues the project will boost the economy and provide clean energy. environmentalists say the plan is a disaster for the amazon and will actually result in more deforestation and global warming. stay with us.
of huge hydro-electric dams. it argues the project will boost the economy and provide clean energy. environmentalists say the plan is a disaster for the amazon and will actually result in more deforestation and global warming. stay with us.
during his campaign, he said this is what he would do. we are going to cancel the paris climate agreement and stop all payments of the united states tax dollars to un global warming programmes. island nations affected by rising
have new information on global warming this century, many scientists have argued that the rate has slowed in recent years, and that is interesting, because the rate of c02 co2 emission certainly has not slowed, it has gone up and up. this
redouble their commitment to the paris climate change agreement, which mr trump has threatened to quit.
meanwhile, in italy there are christmas card sent a little after the event. 0nly christmas card sent a little after the event. only a few years ago, such images were commonplace but after five years of global warming, many people had forgotten how hard a
deforestation and global warming. wyre davies has visited the first of the mega-dams, called belo monte, and reports on the potential impact. from the heart of the planet's greatest rainforest emerges one of the world's biggest civil engineering projects. a monolithic monument to progress.
question over a whole bunch of global warming data we have been collecting for decades? it does and does not, it put something is under question, this has been looking at ocean warming. 50 years ago people, ta ke take a bucket, they would take the
international treaty on global warming and he is out to wreck other treaties that we have got on nuclear arms and he want to give nuclear arms to small states, imperilling the world. he's going to change the address of the american embassy from tel aviv tojerusalem,
but environmentalists say the plans are a disaster for the amazon and will result in more deforestation and global warming. wyre davies has been to belo monte, the site of the first of the new so-called mega-dams
the country's energy needs. but environmentalists say the plans are a disaster for the amazon and will result in more deforestation and global warming. wyre davies has been to belo monte, the site of the first of the new so-called mega-dams to assess their impact.
protecting an additional 300000 homes. but with climate change we're being told to expect more heavy rain, increasing the flood risk.
an additional 300000 homes. but with climate change we're being told to expect more heavy rain, increasing the flood risk.
on climate change, but calling it a 'natural event'. here's our cnvironment correspondent, matt mcgrath. stretching for around 100 miles, the
services for people. they help in mitigating climate change by being carbon stocks. they help in providing clear water for people.
the brazilian government is defending plans to build dozens of huge hydroelectric dams, which they say are vital to meet the country's energy needs. but environmentalists say the plans are a disaster for the amazon and will result in more deforestation and global warming. wyre davies has been to belo monte,
global warming and pollution are just two of the reasons many of the established players are focusing their investments in this area. in particular, concerns regarding diesel engines with cities including paris, mexico city, madrid and athens all planning to introduce some kind of ban over the next decade
to solve global warming, or healthcare crisis, or whatever. but as an individual, we can all get the kids in our homes reading, mostly. we can help the local school, we can help the local libraries. libraries are a big issue right now, and how they get funded
is her twitter page. the mistake when viral and she responded, urging the future president to be a little bit more careful in future, as she put ina put in a word for the problem of global warming while she was at it. now if you're a little scared
i want him to reconsider on using facts over hearsay, and listening to the experts specifically about climate change. but pretty much most
birds are adapting to climate change. america is in the grip of a heroine and pain killer epidemic. thousands are dying from drug
also this hour, record breaking temperatures for the third year in a row. scientists say it's due to climate change - and we're to blame.
patrol on the far side. meanwhile, in italy, there are christmas card scenes a little after the event. only a few years ago, such images were commonplace in january across europe, but after five years of global warming, many people had forgotten how hard a real winter can be. also making news today:
but environmental campaigners say the plan is a disaster for the amazon region and will lead to more deforestation and global warming. 0ur brazil correspondent wyre davies has visited the first of the mega-dams, called belo monte, and has spent time with indigenous communities whose lands and villages are threatened by the dam
set by the paris climate agreement, a global deal that came into force last year. but with carbon dioxide at record levels, scientists say this is a temperature threshold we are on course to surpass. to tackle global warming, the world is being urged to move away from fossil fuels, like coal.
believe that the warming of the earth could be speeding this up. there is no direct evidence of global warming having an impact on this. concerns, though, that there might be. is there any evidence that when large blocks of ice like this break off to create these huge icebergs, does it have any
but without bolder action, our children won't have time to debate the existence of climate change. they will be busy dealing with its effects. more environmental
much on our own planet. 2016 has been declared the hottest year on record, putting climate change and how to tackle it in the spotlight once again.
what is your strongest message today? women's rights. continuing the reproductive rights and climate change, that science is real. that was one of the big messages today
in the antarctic as they track how the birds are adapting to climate change. america is in the grip of a heroin and prescription painkiller epidemic.
scientists have been monitoring the break-up for months. they say climate change is not to blame. stretching for around 100 miles in length,
of investment in people's communities, in the same way that the green movement conceives of climate change - a joint responsibility of a species whose interests are intertwined.
donald trump was elected as the us president. he once called climate change a hoax. in 2012, he tweeted it was invented by the chinese to harm us businesses.
to pressing global challenges, including climate change. the ramifications of donald trump's orders on health issues are not limited to the us. in kenya, doctors are grapping
while a series of tweets on climate change from the twitter account of the badlands national park in south dakota have been deleted. let's speak to two people closely
role on how america responds? you must understand the epa has played a crucial role under president obama on climate change, the supreme court judge -- judged that carbon dioxide
for the continent's most charismatic animals. these penguins started nesting here just ten years ago. it's thought they may have moved because of climate change. so now scientists have
services for people. they help in mitigating climate change by being carbon stocks. they help in providing clear water for people, pollinations so people can grow their crops.
